Feature/7361 links replaced by G1ANT.Manual.Builder (#5)
G1ANT-Robot/G1ANT.Addon.Core: G1ANT.Addon.Core/Commands/SqlQueryCommand.md

## Description

This command executes an SQL query while user is connected to their database. Please use the [`database`](https://manual.g1ant.com/link/G1ANT.Addon.Core-1/G1ANT.Addon.Core/Commands/DatabaseCommand.md) command first to establish a connection to a database. The query results are returned as a list of dictionaries, from which you can fetch individual records.

| Argument | Type | Required | Default Value | Description |
| -------- | ---- | -------- | ------------- | ----------- |

> |`query`| [string](https://github.com/G1ANT-Robot/G1ANT.Manual/blob/master/G1ANT-Language/Structures/string.md) | yes | | SQL query to execute on the active database connection |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`query`| [text](https://manual.g1ant.com/link/G1ANT.Language/G1ANT.Language/Structures/TextStructure.md) | yes | | SQL query to execute on the active database connection |
```
